Rename token to key (#10)
fingerprintjs/fingerprintjs-pro-server-api-node-sdk: readme.md

```ts
import { FingerprintJsServerApiClient, Region } from '@fingerprintjs/fingerprintjs-pro-server-api';

> // Init client with the give region and api_key

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Init client with the given region and the secret api_key
```

## API
---
### `FingerprintJsServerApiClient({region: Region, apiKey: string})` constructor
Creates an instance of the client.
#### Usage
```js
const client = new FingerprintJsServerApiClient({region: Region.EU, apiKey: "<api_key>"});
```
#### Params
- `region: Region` - a region of the server, possible value `Region.EU` or `Region.Global`

> - `apiKey: string` - API key from the [FingerprintJS dashboard](https://dashboard.fingerprintjs.com/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `apiKey: string` - secret API key from the [FingerprintJS dashboard](https://dashboard.fingerprintjs.com/)
```
